[Apps] [revampdoc] [publishyourapp] (#2821)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/concepts/deploy-and-publish/overview.md

## Publish to your organization

The steps to publish your apps can vary depending on the organization to which you are publishing them.

### Enterprise organization
The publishing to your organization's app catalog can only be managed by Teams users with Microsoft Office 365 tenant admin privileges.

**To publish to your organization's app catalog**

Your organization's app catalog contains apps that are unique to your organization and is completely under your organization's control. For more information on publishing the app to your organization's app catalog, see [manage your apps in the Microsoft Teams admin center](/microsoftteams/tenant-apps-catalog-teams). 

### Government Community Cloud (GCC) organization
If your organization is a member of the GCC then it is GCC tenant administrator who decides if you can upload or publish an app.

> [!NOTE]

> > Microsoft does not own or control your custom applications, therefore, you must ensure that all endpoints are compliant with your organization's requirements. In addition, if the app solution includes a bot or message extension, you must complete the [Bot Framework registration](https://dev.botframework.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Microsoft does not own or control your apps, so you must ensure that all endpoints are compliant with your organization's requirements. In addition, if your app includes a bot or messaging extension, you must complete the [Bot Framework registration](https://dev.botframework.com/).
```

> **To configure a Government Community Cloud (GCC) distribution**

Reviewer: This is only for apps with bots and messaging extensions, so we should probably clarify.

---

> title: Distribute your app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Choose how to distribute your app
```

> description: Describes the three options for distributing your app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes the options for distributing your Microsoft Teams app.
```
Keeps number of options generic in case it changes. Also added words to help with SEO.

ms.topic: conceptual
keywords: teams publish store office distribute AppSource sideload upload app
---

> # Distribute your app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Choose how to distribute your Microsoft Teams app
```
When possible, it helps findability to add "Microsoft Teams" to H1s.

> This document guides you on the methods you can use to distribute your app to different organizations, such as Enterprise and US Government. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can distribute Microsoft Teams apps to an individual user, team, organization, or the Teams store.
```
Revised this so it's more of an overview. I think we should maintain the model of describing simplest distribution to most complex (upload > org > store).

> For Enterprise organizations you can directly upload your app or publish it your organization's app catalog, or publish it through the AppSource. For Government organizations, they need to be members of Government Cloud Community (GCC). Depending on the fulfillment of the GCC compliance criteria, the GCC tenant administrator decides if an app must be uploaded and published.

Reviewer: I think this doc needs to be structured based on the available options to match publish workflows specified elsewhere. We can provide specific guidance (enterprise vs. GCC) within each, if applicable. What do you think of this?

- Intro
- Preview your app in Teams (upload directly)
- Publish to your organization
  - Configure a Government Community Cloud (GCC) distribution
- Publish to the Teams store

Reviewer 2: @heath-hamilton - have updated it per your suggestion, but would request you to have a relook at the section to ensure we haven't missed out anything.

### Upload your app directly to Teams
Microsoft does not own or control your custom applications, therefore, you must ensure that all endpoints are compliant with your organization's requirements. In addition, if the app solution includes a bot or message extension, you must complete the [Bot Framework registration](https://dev.botframework.com/).

**To upload an app to your organization's environment**

1. On the **Connect to channels** page, under **Add a featured channel**, select **Teams**.
2. Navigate to the **Configure MSTeams** page.
3. Under **Messaging**, select *Microsoft Teams for Government*.
![Teams messaging configuration page](../../assets/images/gcc-configure.png)
   > [!IMPORTANT]
   > You cannot use the *Microsoft Teams Commercial* configuration to upload or sideload your custom app to a GCC environment.

> 4. In the lower left corner of the page, select **Save**.

Reviewer: I think this flow and other GCC flows need more clarity. I am not sure if this is talking about uploading for a user/team (sideloading) or for an organization. Also, it is not clear how I get to step 1 (the Bot Framework link takes me to a marketing page).

> [!NOTE]
> * The uploading instructions for the GCC environment also apply to Teams custom apps. </br>
> * Only Microsoft compliant apps are permitted in the GCC environment and in Teams.
> * Third-party apps are disabled at the tenant level and are managed through your organization's [app permission policies](/microsoftteams/teams-app-permission-policies). You must review all third-party apps to ensure they align with your organization's policies and procedures.

> [!TIP]

> > Microsoft 365 developer partners provide security, data handling, and compliance details for their third-party Teams apps through the [Microsoft 365 App Certification Program](/microsoft-365-app-certification/overview). For more information on Teams app certification, see [Microsoft Teams app certification](/microsoftteams/platform/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/post-publish/application-certification).

Reviewer: This seems like a related link. As a standalone tip, it does not seem connected to anything in the doc.

## See also

> > [!div class="nextstepaction"]
> > [Publish your apps](apps-publish-overview.md)
> 
> > [!div class="nextstepaction"]
> > [Maintain published app](../appsource/post-publish/overview.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Publish your apps](apps-publish-overview.md)
* [Maintain and support your app](../appsource/post-publish/overview.md)
```
The buttons should be reserved only for next step sections.
